{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green53\blue110;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh13500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Shlomo, Krish - this is being sent out today to several routing solution companies.\'a0 I would like you guys to take a look at the handheld solution and let me know what you think.\'a0 Thanks\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
Savers is pleased to include your company in a request for proposal for Transportation Management software.\'a0 Attached you will find three separate documents: 
\i\b Savers RFP
\i0\b0 , which provides information about Savers as well as the business issues we are seeking a solution or solutions for; an Excel spreadsheet, 
\i\b Savers Transportation Routing RFP
\i0\b0 , which is in the form of a questionnaire and will allow you to explain how your solution aligns with Savers\'92 needs; and 
\i\b Handheld workflow
\i0\b0 , a document that is a bit more granular in detailing the needs for a handheld solution.\'a0 You will note that the requirements fall into three basic categories that could be addressed by discreet solutions or some solutions may address two or all three.\'a0 \
\
These are: \
routing and optimization; \
dispatching and tracking; \
and an on truck handheld device for route execution.\'a0 \
\
Please provide how your offering addresses the different categories; we understand that not all of the needs may be addressed by your software, but that you may have a best of breed solution for one or two.\
\'a0\
We also will be sending out a data set of actual data from a day at one of our facilities.\
\'a0 As part of the demo process we ask that you would optimize this data set to the least amount of feasible routes / lowest cost solution.\'a0 \
\pard\tx12860\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 We will provide all of the constraints with the data set.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \'a0\
Please indicate immediately your desire to participate in this process by return email.\'a0 We look to adhere to the below schedule:\
\'a0\
2/4/13 - RFP sent out to vendor community\
2/15/13 \'96 RFP responses due\
2/18 \'96 3/1 online demos of product capabilities scheduled with vendors\
3/1-3/8 - \'a0Finalists determined\
3/8-3/29 - On site presentations by finalists\
4/1 -4/5\'a0 Final selection made\
\'a0\
\'a0\
We look forward to receiving your response.\'a0\
}