{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red74\green255\blue0;\red251\green198\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22420\viewh11600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Will it be possible to use preference settings to:\
a) set the logo image? \
\
-- i.e logo image from set of options?i.e user can choose logo from option?\cb2  Sorry I was not too clear on that. This will not apply to the user. This will be a logo\'a0our team sets BEFORE the app is packaged for distribution.\'a0 We want this to be easily adjusted - perhaps\'a0preference settings is not the appropriate place - possibly the manifest file?\cb1 \'a0\
\
b)\'a0store the user's login name as a default once entered?\'a0 (NOT the password)\
\
-- Yes\
\
c) store a time value to automatically log the user off after the device has been inactive for that length of time?\
\
-- No.Mobile device does not have browser like functionality.\'a0 \cb2 OK - I was\'a0thinking in terms of something that would make the app more secure in case the device was lost or stolen.\'a0 We can set this idea aside for now.\cb1 \
2) Barcodes - in an earlier discussion Krish said "\cb3 These means we'll get barcode from server,we need to read all information from barcode like item, description and quantity and send back item and quantity." \cb1 Please clarify what is meant by "get barcode from server"? And, in order to store the item, description and quantity in the barcode, what type of barcode is\'a0required? a maxicode?\
\
-- i.e we can have barcode stored on server,it will be fetched in user device and then process on barcode.We'll let you know which type of barcode will best fitted in android.\cb2  Thanks.\'a0My concern is just to make sure our host can provide what you need to accomplish the task.\'a0 Is the barcode exchanged via JSON as well - as a numeric value perhaps? I was\'a0imagining the JSON data would\'a0include product info and quantities to be delivered along with a matching barcode value.\'a0You can give us more clarification as needed.\
\cb1 \'a0\
3)\'a0 You indicated you will be able to provide layouts for the forms. If you have sample screen shots of how sign in, expandable lists, and signature capture forms will look, that would be great\
\
-- Ok.We'll provide you either screen shot or sketch.\'a0 \cb2 Thanks. Our\'a0preliminary designs are attached to clarify our needs.\cb1 \
\
\
}